during the Second World War
in thailand a tennis coach train
loaded with English soldiers when
he received a telegraph and that he
divert the train to the right and wait
because the virus was destroyed
since the last fight with the Japanese
when many many Japanese were
made prisoners from a list
descending stopped stopped his train almost
there at the end and as expected would be
time, a tennis player asked all the
soldiers who got off the train when
British soldiers came down and saw a
wagon heavily protected by
guard a number of more or more
at least 50 Japanese prisoners
terribly injured
but consider that the account
all English soldiers pitied
with the suffering of the enemies
seeing that he was practically there
abandoned children began to care for all
the children were water want bindings
but the guards did not agree with
that how you are treating
well these criminals these enemies
the British soldiers independent of the
protest of the guards continued to
take care of the Japanese wounded and stay there
while the wait lasted they took care of
of enemy soldiers all minimize them
all the bitterness and hatred that had the
Japanese at least in that group to
the English and the Allies disappeared
completely
the Japanese became friends with
and when the railroad was
restored and the training again received
permission to leave with a train of
English soldiers
these submitted from the Japanese and
grateful
and with great courtesy they were obliged to
to pay you there you have spent what you mean
very
those English soldiers gave a
difficult lesson in World War II
Showed love.
there are people who did not know
should be treated as enemies
just as the Good Samaritan did
in that parable of Jesus Christ with tone
when he felt sorry for having
gone by the wayside the idou of their
wounds
put in your assembler led to a
and paid all expenses and
seeing the owner of the inn
united and that when he returned any
Felipe other expense chance to rise and
This is your neighbor to the people who
you do not know and even those who are
your enemies
When you have cause of the gospel der
food for those who are hungry was water
It's the clothes you 're cold going to do.
what you like best and jesus
he will surely open his arms in that
day and that will sell blessed of my father
inheritance
the kingdom that you have been preparing since
foundation of the world